[Music]
why did you enter this competition I
just think a lot of people like to sing
you can sing but you're an inexperienced
performer with a Polish name entering a
competition that relies on the public
vote I've dreamed I would make it this
far
[Music]
seen from here
see how he's doing he's not a real
manager
or anything but he has a lot for me we
can do a lot more you can do this violet
you can do this
sync from your heart I had a way
using it on my own we would like to
offer violets a contract but you have to
sign before the show where it's a no-go
that's the deal
the darkest you are to be
[Music]
why me you're a caterpillar we're a
cocoon maybe together we make a
butterfly
[Music]